---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
<br>

Write about the visit by Bill Reyner. And do not forget to update your Contribution pages and summarize your weekly work.

## Guest Speaker - Bill Reyner Associate Director and Vice President at FactSet
This week, Bill Reyner (Associate Director and Vice President at FactSet) visited the class to speak about FactSet 
and his perspective about open source in a corporate setting. He mentioned many important issues to consider when open 
sourcing code, such as refactoring source code to maintain company image, being aware of licenses to avoid shady business, 
and potentially exposing company secrets by revealing the source code. It was eye opening to hear how engineers and developers
can take advantage of closed source code and if a company were to release the code out to the public, they would have to 
refactor it. 

<br>

## My week 
This week, I was debating on picking either Gatsby or Node. After parsing the issues from both repositories, I 
decided on Gatsby. Compared to Node, Gatsby has a plethora of first good issues, documentation type issues, and a majority
of the source code is written in JavaScript rather than C++. I also had plans to use Gatsby, so this is a good opportunity
to learn more about the framework. During the week, I also contributed to a few open source projects for HacktoberFest. I 
wanted to see how much I remember about contributing to open source projects with Git, so I didn't refer to the Git
workflow presentation. It was a success! One of my PR's were successfully merged. This was a rather simple pull request 
where I added data to a JSON file and I plan on making more meaningful changes in the future. 


### Resources
- [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/)
- [Node](https://github.com/nodejs/node)
- [HacktoberFest](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/)

