---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


## My experience and reaction with the Git activity and the assigned reading

Working on the Git assignments with 3 other students was refreshing because it was reminiscent of when I first started learning Git. This assignment required us to push our changes to a remote repository in the master branch. I had experience working with Git and soon found out my teammates were experienced as well so we were able to finish the assignment a little faster than expected. However, it wasn't always smooth sailing. I encountered some merge conflicts when pushing changes to the team README file because it had been modified by my teammates. A little pull here and a merge there resolved the merge conflicts.

## Thoughts about the assigned reading ~

Post: "[A Beginner’s Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-very-bumpy-journey-through-the-world-of-open-source-4d108d540b39/)"

The author, Shubheksha, of this post gave an honest and intimate back story of when he first started approaching open source. I couldn't help but empathize with him about his struggles with unsupportive mentors that stagnated his growth in the open source community. This situation is what I think most beginners fear the most, that they're not good enough to contribute. He mentioned a few tips that really resonated with me. They were simple but it was a much needed emphasis in order to move forward and progress.
1. Don't be afraid to ask questions.
2. It's OK to have holes in your knowledge.
