---
layout: post
title: Week 14 ~ My Reflection
---
<br>

## Reflection of my first 2 blog posts
The fall semester is coming to an end and this class was an unregrettable experience. 
Let's take a step back into the past, back to my first 2 blogs. The first 2 blog posts pertained to a set of questions with a set of honest responses. 

Q: Why I decided to take this course in open source software? 
A: Thought it would be interesting to learn and another Computer Science course was filled :)  

Q: What types of contributions would be suitable for me? 
A: I initially wanted to contribute code but also thought that documentation and bugs are better for beginners, such as myself.  

Q: What types of projects interested me? 
A: JavaScript UI/UX projects that help make styling easier. 

Taking this course was definitely the right choice because I gained a lot of valuable knowledge about the expanding world of open source, resourceful git workflows, and fundamental linux commands. Knowledge of open source software licenses and different business models opened up a new perspective, making me more aware of "company personalities" because there are fundamental reasons for a company to be a Maker or a Taker. As for the types of contributions I thought would be suitable for me, I ended up contributing code and skipping documentation anyway 😆. For more details, check out my previous blog post: [Week 13](https://hunter-college-ossd-fall-2019.github.io/tobyau-weekly/week13/). I was able to contribute code to a JavaScript project that pertained to my interest in web technologies. 

<br>

## Did the course meet your expectations? What was different than you expected? How would you change what you wrote with respect to the last two questions (from Blog Post 2?)  
The course met my expectations and then some. I wasn't expecting the weekly blogs to be as lengthy and time consuming. However, I do see the merit of writing blogs because it's a great exercise to improve our writing skills. With respect to the last two questions from blog post 2, I would've set higher achieving goals; goals such as contributing code right from the beginning and adding more projects that I am interested in contributing to. 

<br>


## Weekly Summary
- Finished 2nd gatsby website, check it out! [https://keturah.netlify.com](https://keturah.netlify.com)
- Made a contribution to firstcontributions.github.io - [firstcontributions.github.io](https://github.com/firstcontributions/firstcontributions.github.io/pull/101)
- Made another contribution to Wikipedia by adding a hyperlink to text - [Wikipedia Contribution](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Casey_Neistat&diff=prev&oldid=929626958)
- Prepared my contribution presentation 

<br>