---
layout: post
title: Week 12 ~ Voting Fraud 
---
<br>

## Voting Fraud - Open Source Solution?? 
I believe open sourcing the voting system will be a positive change that will help 
diminish voting fraud and reduce the chances of vulnerable designs. With administrators 
overlooking the project and with more eyes looking at the source code, the elections 
technology platform will receive less scrutiny. The possibility of rigged elections are 
still there, but at least the issues with faulty designs and machinery will be alleviated.
Digital attacks wastes the voters time and the candidates time because, what is the point of 
taking the day off to vote or preparing for speech campaigns if it's going to get rigged anyway?
To put all this in perspective here are some quotes. 

> "Around 40 states have voting machines that are a decade old or older... There are reports of machines misbehaving in this manner after almost every election."  
J. Alex Halderman (Computer Science Professor at the University of Michigan)

> "For a long time, there have been systemic problems—market malformation and dysfunction—in the election industry. Due to market dynamics and industry performance issues, there has been no commercial incentive to make the investment in the necessary research and development to produce the kind of high-assurance, mission-critical systems for verifiable and accurate elections,"  
Gregory Miller, co-founder and COO of the OSET Institute.

Ultimately, I trust that an open source solution to voting will result in a more efficient 
and secure election system. 

<br>

## Gatsby Progress
:white_check_mark: Created query method to get markdown data to blog posts  
:white_check_mark: Created blog post cards  
:white_check_mark: Created blog post pages  
:soon: Create navbar  
:soon: Create footer  
:soon: Styling 
:white_square_button: Add documentation for theme  
:white_square_button: Update contributions list  
:white_square_button: Deploy using Netlify  

<br>

## Weekly Summary
- Completed Linux Exercises 
- Read [Voting Fraud Open Source Solution](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?)
- Contributed to 2 Wikipedia pages 
- Worked on Gatsby contribution 