---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## What I've Learned About Open Source

**Article:** [10 things you should know about open source before you use it](https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/10-things/10-things-you-should-know-about-open-source-before-you-use-it/)
<br><br>

#### 1. It's not just for Linux
**What I learned:** The public assumes open source is only for Linux because conversations about open source tends to diverge into a talk about Linux.<br>
**Thoughts:** I can empathize with the public's assumptions but, on the other hand, it would be in the company's best interest to expand their project to multiple platforms to gain greater influence on the general public.
<br>

#### 2. It's not always free
**What I learned:** A lot of companies make money from their open source projects.<br>
**Thoughts:** Although the company's source code is freely available, it doesn't mean that the application is free. Clients on the community version of their product have the option to pay a price for support services or additional "premium" features. An example of this kind of open source project is Zimbra. It's an email and collaboration platform with options to purchase cloud services like deploying Zimbra into the client's secure & private data center or subscribing to a cloud email.
<br>

#### 3. It may or may not have support
**What I learned:** Although there are no support hotlines to call, there are other forms of communication like support forums and and mailing lists.<br>
**Thoughts:** This seems like a logical solution to open source products because unlike commercial products, there isn't a specific team of engineers, product managers, or support services for the most part.
<br>

#### 4. You have full access to the source code
**What I learned:** Everyone has full access to the source code.<br>
**Thoughts:** Before enrolling in this class, I didn't know what open source meant. Now I know that everyone has full access to the source code. For the most part, general consumers can go their entire life using an open source application without knowing they have full access to the source code.
<br>

#### 5. You aren't breaking any laws by adopting open source
**Thoughts:** I could've been doing something illegal but thankfully the SCO case was tossed out :)
<br>

#### 6. Most open source software is reliable as its proprietary counterpart
**Thoughts:** As more and more people are contributing to open source projects, I believe open source software can achieve the same level of reliability as its counterpart.

#### 7. Freeware and shareware are not the same as open source
**Thoughts:** In general, if the source code is not made available then that software is not open source. Examples of freeware include, but not limited to, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome. Shareware software is freely distributed to users on a trial basis, meaning there's a free trial for some number of days until the consumer would have to pay to use the product.

