---
layout: post
title: Week 11 ~ Kevin Fleming (Bloomberg), Project Progress
---
<br>

## Kevin Fleming - Bloomberg
Like a lot of companies, Bloomberg engineers apply open source tools to solve many of their clients problems. 
However, I was unaware that a company as big as Bloomberg contributes to open source software. Bloomberg even hosted 
an Open Source Day where many developers and engineers spend the day contributing and improving open source projects
such as Git and Jupyter. This shows Bloombergs initiative to be a "Maker" and give back to the open source community 
rather than be a "Taker". Based on Bloombergs involvement with open source, FactSet seems to pale in comparison. 
Bill Reyner mentioned that the company would make a project open source when a project is not working out and need 
additional eyes to review it. This is a small gesture towards an open source community in comparison to Bloombergs 
initiatives. 

[Bloomberg's Github](https://github.com/bloomberg) - `141 repos`
[FactSet's Github](https://github.com/factset) - `10 repos`

<br>

## Gatsby Progress
My Gatsby contribution will be towards the starter library as a blog website template. I've teamed up with Jessica and 
set our sights on developing 2 websites; one blog and one portfolio. So far I drew a rough sketch of what the blog would 
look like and consist of. This week I'm planning on using [Figma](https://www.figma.com/) to create website mockups for 
the home page and blog posts. The goal for the week is to create the wireframe on Figma and start coding using Gatsby. 
Hopefully we can finish the blog site by next week. 

<br>

## Weekly Summary
- Talk by Kevin Fleming on Bloomberg's stance on Open Source. 
- Contributed to 2 Wikipedia pages 
- Drew mockup for blog website 